+++
title = "Overlap and segmentation: the structural challenges to adaptation to sea level rise in the San Francisco Bay Area."
# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date = 2019-04-20T13:00:00
#date_end = 2030-06-01T15:00:00
all_day = false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate = 2017-01-01T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Francesca Pia Vantaggiato", "Mark Lubell"]

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = ""
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "Western Political Science Association (WPSA) 2019 meeting"
event_url = "https://www.wpsanet.org"

# Location of event.
location = "San Diego, CA"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["A_sea_level_rise"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = "Right"

+++
