+++
title = "Networks as 'first best'? Network entrepreneurship and venue shifting in the establishment of the network of Euro-Mediterranean energy regulators."
date = 2018-04-20T00:00:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Francesca Pia Vantaggiato"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *Journal of Common Market Studies*"
publication_short = "In *Journal of Common Market Studies*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Regulatory networks are usually considered a “second best” instrument of policy integration. They have no decision‐making powers and unclear policy impact. Yet, regulators often play a leading role in establishing their informal networks. Why do regulators initiate networks? I find that regulators form networks to shift the venue of policy discussion from a formal setting, dominated by policy‐makers, to an informal setting, where they share agenda‐setting power with their peers only. Regulators forming networks are “network entrepreneurs”, for whom the establishment of the network is a policy goal in itself. Bolstered by previous positive networking experiences, network entrepreneurs consider networks a first‐best instrument of policy influence. I analyse the empirical case of the network of energy regulators of the Euro‐Mediterranean (MedReg, established in 2006) through 20 elite interviews. The findings hold implications for our understanding of informal regulatory collaboration in the EU and beyond."


# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
#url_pdf = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_preprint = "http://eprints.soton.ac.uk/352095/1/Cushen-IMV2013.pdf"
#url_code = "#"
#url_dataset = "#"
#url_project = "#"
#url_slides = "#"
#url_video = "#"
#url_poster = "#"
#url_source = "#"

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Link", url = "https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/jcms.12956blog"}]

# Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
# doi = "10.1017/S0143814X18000156"

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

